Separate the Meet the Community into its own series of Blog Posts (#248)
ipfs/blog: content/post/87-weekly-ipfs-42.md

### Initial Implementation of GraphSync Wire Protocol is here
Pretty self explanatory but the [Initial Implementation of the GraphSync Wire Protocol in Go](https://github.com/ipfs/go-graphsync) has arrived. Check it out!

## Meet the Community: Carson Farmer, Core Developer @ Textile.io

> This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Carson Farmer, a Core Developer at Textile](INSERT URL)

Author: ```suggestion
This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Carson Farmer, a Core Developer at Textile](https://blog.ipfs.io/meet-the-community-carson-farmer/)
```
